Document that not supporting macOS versions can get a cask rejected (#21336)
Homebrew/brew: docs/Acceptable-Casks.md

* App is both open-source and CLI-only (i.e. it only uses the `binary` artifact). In that case, and [in the spirit of deduplication](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-cask/issues/15603), submit it first to [homebrew/core](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-core) as a formula that builds from source. If it is rejected, you may then try again as a cask (link to the issue from your pull request so we can see the discussion and reasoning for rejection).
* App is open-source and has a GUI but no compiled versions (or only old ones) are provided. It’s better to have them in [homebrew/core](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-core) so users don’t get perpetually outdated versions. See [`gedit`](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-cask/pull/23360) for example.
* We have strong reasons to believe including the cask can put the whole project at risk. Happened only once so far, [with Popcorn Time](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-cask/pull/3954).

> * Casks that do not work for modern macOS versions will be rejected, [when Apple drops support for Rosetta with macOS 28](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/apple-silicon/about-the-rosetta-translation-environment/) this will include x86-only software.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Casks that do not work on the latest macOS version will be rejected e.g. [when Apple drops support for Rosetta with macOS 28](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/apple-silicon/about-the-rosetta-translation-environment/) this will include x86-only software.
```
